Warning: This is a futanari story, which means that Wendy in this story is a female who was born with a penis because she's intersex. If you don't like these types of stories then I suggest you don't read it for your own sake. Also, this story is purely Rated M  so read on your own will and enjoy...

It was mid December and the girls were planning to drive from the airport to Wendy's parents' house that's in Canada. The seating arrangements was oddly weird though. For some odd reason, Yeri was able to obtain her license first and offered to be the driver. Seulgi claimed the passenger seat  and Joy chose to sit behind Seulgi. Since the car was a 5 seater and the girls brought so many things, the trunk of the car could not fit everyone's luggages. So the girls decided that it was best to put some of the luggages in the back seat, but by doing so, the car became cramped and there was only seats for 4 people. Irene only had two options: sit on Joy's lap or Wendy's lap.

Joy frowned not wanting Irene to sit on her lap, so Wendy offered her lap for Irene to sit on. Luckily, the windows were tinted because what they're doing is highly illigal and dangerous.

Everyone got in the car and Irene tried to make herself comfortable on Wendy's lap. To be honest, she preferred sitting on Wendy's lap because she liked how Wendy's arms automatically wrapped around her thin waist, which warmed her up.

Also, since the luggages were stanked up in the middle seat, it made it hard for anyone to see them. The only visible part was Irene's head, which stuck out behind Yeri's seat. Basically, Wendy and Irene's entire bodies were covered by the luggages and Yeri's seat, and Wendy wasn't even visible for any of her members to see.

Seulgi turns on the radio and turns up the volume.

Yeri starts the car and sets the navigation on the car's GPS system.

And Joy was playing some app on her phone.

It had been barely 5 minutes in to the ride when the car hits some bumps making Irene bounce in Wendy's lap.

Wendy automatically tightens her arms around Irene's waist and feels her groin harden from the impact of Irene's firm butt bouncing on her lap as the car drove over some bumping road.

At first Irene was confused with what she felt. What was poking her butt?

She takes a peek back and sees a flustered Wendy.

"Do you have something in your pants?" she whispered soft enough for only the two of them to hear.

Wendy looked embarrassed and apologetic.

The car drives over more bumps making the both of them bounch.

"Mmmngh..." Wendy groans.

Hearing that, Irene realized what she had been feeling this entire time.

She couldn't believe that she never noticed what Wendy was packing down there and they've known each other for over four years now. They've also shared a bed together before so how did she miss it?

When she bounced again she couldn't help but let out a moan feeling the hardness against her treasure.

She knew that it was wrong, but it got her feeling so good.

She turned her head and gave Wendy a seductive smirk before slowly rolling her lips back and forth as she grinds on Wendy's junior causing the latter to gasp out a soft moan.

Irene lets out a soft moan as she continued to grind against Wendy's hardness.

She was aware that her other members were in the car so she looked over the luggage at Joy and was relieved to see that the latter was asleep.

"How long until we get to Wendy's house?" Irene asked, innocently.

Yeri answers without taking her eyes off the road, "If we're lucky, we'll get there in an hour or so."

Irene gives a nod before asking Seulgi to turn up the radio.

Irene sits back down and heard Wendy gasp out once again and smiles to herself.

She knew what Wendy needed. She also knew that Wendy wouldn't want their members seeing her hard on so Irene is willing to help Wendy out with that as long as she gets to be pleasured in return.

She grabs Wendy's hands and slowly moves them to her breast.

Wendy understood what Irene wanted so she gently massages and gropes Irene's perfect breasts making Irene close her eyes and lean back.

Then boldly, Wendy moved one of her hand underneath Irene's shirt ad bra and starts to play with her breast and harden nipples.

"Wannie..." Irene gasped out.

Wendy moves her other hand down to Irene's skirt and lifts it up before she sticks her hand down into Irene's panties.

Her fingers moved over Irene's slit before she began to move her fingers in a circular pattern. Her fingers were now coated with Irene's wetness and warmth.

Irene trembles with her eyes closed as she allowed Wendy to pleasure her in the car with their members unaware of what they were doing.

Irene wanted more though. She wanted to feel Wendy inside of her, cumming along with her.

And as if Wendy could read her mind, Wendy removes both of her hands and gently pushes Irene off her lap. Irene had no choice but to stand on her feet as she leaned foward. Then she heard the noise of zippers being unzipped and looked behind to see Wendy slowly unzipping her jeans. Wendy gives her a smile before pushing her jeans and special underwear down. Her 8 and a half inch hard long penis sprung out and Irene licked her lips.

Wendy moved her hands forward and pulls down Irene's underwear as well before she pulls Irene back down to sit on her.

Irene could feel Wendy's penis pressed against her slit as she slowly moved her hips forward and backwards to cover it with her wetness.

"That's so hot, Hyun-ah..." Wendy mumbles into her ears.

Irene smiled and closed her eyes as Wendy lifts her up and lined her forbidden entrance against the tip of the latter's penis.

Irene slowly sinks down the hard penis, which filled her up.

It was hard for her not to moan out.

Wendy on the other hand had to bite her lips to hold back her moans.

Irene feels so tight and wet.

"I need to use the bathroom," Seulgi's voice rang out from the front.

"Me too," Yeri says.

"How far until the rest stop?" asked Irene trying her best to sound normal.

"10 minutes away," Yeri answered.

Irene kind of panicked. What if they get caught?

She was about to get off of Wendy but the latter wrapped her arms around her waist tightly to stop her from moving off.

"They'll notice!" Irene whispered.

Wendy shrugs not caring.

She slowly thrusted her hips in and out of Irene slowly causing them both to moan softly.

"Lean forward and hold onto the driver's seat while I fuck you deep and hard. I want to make you cum before we reach the rest stop," Wendy whispered.

Irene nods before she leans forward and holds onto the seat in front of her with her lower body lifted off of Wendy's lap.

Wendy leans back as she began to thrust deep and hard into Irene's tight vagina.

Sound of wet skin slapping could be heard but the music was able to blend and cover it.

Irene rested her head down on the back of the driver's seat and closed her eyes as she held in her groans and moans because she was getting f*cked so close to her other members.

She felt so close to cumming and the excitement of getting caught by her members made her more aroused,Wendy moved her hand to the front and rubbed Irene's clit as she continued to thrust in and out of Irene.

Irene could see the sign "rest stop up ahead" and knew that they were almost to their destination so she pushed herself back down to sit on Wendy's lap and began to ride the latter fast to the point where she was litteraly bounching up and down. She was so close.

Suddenly the car stopped and Irene froze.

The door opened and closed. Then another door opened and closed. Then another door opened and closed.

Irene looked over the luggages and the seats and noticed that Joy, Seulgi, and Yeri had left the car.

She looks behind at Wendy seductively.

"F*ck me, Seungwannie. I need to cum before they get back."

Wendy gets the picture.

She turns Irene around to face her before lifting Irene's shirt and bra up then sucking her nipples and Irene continued to ride her.

"Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh Seungwan. You're so big!" Irene moaned out.

Wendy groans, "You're so tight and wet..."  as she continued to thrust in and out of Irene.

"Your dick feels so good in me. How does it feel to f*ck me, Seungwan-ah?" asked Irene as Wendy continued to f*ck her.

"So good.... I want to f*ck you all the time, Joohyun..." Wendy admitted, groaning out her answers as she felt Irene's walls clench tightly around her penis.

Then with a cry, Irene came all over Wendy's penis.

Wendy continued to thrust in and out of Irene, letting the latter ride out her orgasm.

Once Irene was done cumming, she fixed her bra and shirt and lifted herself off of Wendy's hard penis. Then she pulls up her underwear and opens the door slowly making sure no one was around.

She steps out of the car and kneels down and motioned Wendy to stand in front of her.

"I want to taste you," Irene demands.

"But what if someone saw?" asked Wendy, nervous.

"We're parked very far away from everyone and there's no one around. Don't you want to cum in my mouth, Seungwannie?" asked Irene with a pouty look.

Wendy blushed and nods before stepping out of the car and standing in front of Irene who eagarly takes her penis and began to suck it while giving hand strokes.

Wendy closed her eyes as she thrusted her hips back and forth into Irene's small mouth.

She loved the way Irene's mouth and tongue felt around her penis.

With a groan, she released her semen into Irene's mouth, which Irene happily swallowed.

Irene helped Wendy pull up her jeans before zipping it up.

Then she gives the clothed penis a small pat before standing up and looking at Wendy with a huge grin.

"Since I let you f*ck me and cum in my mouth, you and your penis belong to me now, got that?" Irene commanded.

Wendy looked at her confused.

"What?"

"You're mine now so you can't f*ck anyone else other than me," Irene explained with a stern look.

Wendy gives Irene a smile. "Don't worry, unnie. You're all I need and want," Wendy admitted with a blush.

Irene smiles back.

"Hey since we have another 45 minutes until we get to my parents' house, do you want to f*ck some more in the car?" asked Wendy, bluntly.

Irene gave her a blank stare.

"Is that a no?" asked Wendy, confused.

Irene looks down at Wendy's pants to see a tent form again.

"You just came and you're hard again?" she asked.

"You always make me hard, unnie," Wendy confessed with a blush.

Irene blushed before she gives Wendy a kiss on the cheek.

"I'm going to go use the restroom. Come on," Irene says.

"I'm good," Wendy answered.

"I didn't ask," said Irene.

"Oh... okay. I guess I'll come with you,"

"That's the plan... hehe..." "Wait... did you just..."

"Hurry up, Wannie, before I cum without you," "But I'm coming as fast as I can..."

"......."

"Hahaha!!! That was funny, right, unnie?" asked Wendy.

Irene steps in front of Wendy and throws her arms around Wendy's neck as she whispered into the latter's ear.

"But I rather have you cum slowly so that we can cum together," she gives Wendy's ears a lick and bite, seductively teasing the latter.

Wendy's penis twitched.

Irene smirks before grabbing Wendy's hand and dragging her into an empty restroom.

